hello youtube friends in this case les
I bring the mafia game 2 well let's go to
link that I leave in the description what
they go down and open their torrent if they do not have it
I leave you in the description so that
come down
now open your browser and paste the link
and download it xd
does not weigh anything is a torrent file not
be rats xd
I do not lower it because I already have it
and they will have something like that they give double click
or press right mouse click open
the good torrent will open there
shows the information weighs 7 16
gigabytes good we're still there they put where
they are going to download they give ok
they wait for it to download good to me it
I download in 7 hours that depends on
the miles and your internet x of d
after they download it they will have left
a folder like this gives you right click of the
mouse extract here hope that it
uncompress the file
It will take about 10 minutes depending on the
speed of your good team I will pass
the video like this does not get that long
xdddd back good as see and ends
of decompressing good they will have one
asian folder
inside contains two images and you are good
they will have to have their tools daemon for
mount the images in case they do not have it
I will leave in the description thus
download it good we assembled the first
image
we add a virtual image like that
we assemble the two images
once done we assembled the first
now let's ride the second
they close the window and it will appear
a logo give you to run setup
they will get a warning they give you yes
good you get to install
excuse me I 'm half the harrow the pc
fuck is because I just prend it xd
Well I tell you a joke because a duck
nothing good because he is a duck and he does not want
fly xdddd i am very funny
it can not take so long xd
well once you open this window
they give you next here it will tell you where
they want to install the game in my case
local mafia games disc 2
they give him the next one and expect him to
install good I will pass the video back
when you ask for the other half xd
good as you will see and ask for the second
half they look for where the other one is and they give
to autoplay 2x of d
now accept and wait I'm going to pause the
video like this is not so long
good and I finish uncheck the box and
ready already has mafia 2 full
and here it will come out, this is given to accept and
next this is so that the game does not
pull good errors it does not take long to install
and it's easy and simple
please give him what I deserve
oh shit I do not know why it takes good to
you will not take anything
check the minimum requirements because if
your computer does not comply with them will not walk
the game hahaha xd
and smart friends that was all I hope
subscribe and help with a like your friend
gabriel tuto ssppc chau good I leave you
with a short gameplay of the game for
let them see that xd is going
it's a lie do not believe this asshole
will not do any mixing because no
has graphic card haha xd fucking
asshole is true good chau friends
I hope they work